OpenCL ICD Loader Deinitialization Support (#250)
KhronosGroup/OpenCL-ICD-Loader: README.md

| OPENCL_LAYERS                     | Specifies a list of layers to load. |  `export OPENCL_LAYERS=libLayerA.so:libLayerB.so`<br/><br/>`set OPENCL_LAYERS=libLayerA.dll;libLayerB.dll` |
| OPENCL_LAYER_PATH                 | On Linux and Android, specifies a directory to scan for layers to enumerate in place of the default `/etc/OpenCL/layers'. | `export OPENCL_LAYER_PATH=/my/local/layers/search/path` |
| OCL_ICD_ENABLE_TRACE              | Enable the trace mechanism          |  `export OCL_ICD_ENABLE_TRACE=True`<br/><br/>`set OCL_ICD_ENABLE_TRACE=True`<br/>`true, T, 1 can also be used here.`  |

> | OCL_ICD_FORCE_LEGACY_TERMINATION  | Force using the legacy termination scheme. This enables supporting outdated layers, but is problematic is libOpenCL is unloaded before the application exits |  `export OCL_ICD_FORCE_LEGACY_TERMINATION=True`<br/><br/>`set OCL_ICD_FORCE_LEGACY_TERMINATION=True`<br/>`true, T, 1 can also be used here.`  |

Reviewer: How about:

```suggestion
| OCL_ICD_FORCE_LEGACY_TERMINATION  | Forces using the legacy termination scheme. Legacy termination supports older layers, but does not support layer de-initialization and does not close library handles for layers or ICDs.  |  `export OCL_ICD_FORCE_LEGACY_TERMINATION=True`<br/><br/>`set OCL_ICD_FORCE_LEGACY_TERMINATION=True`<br/>`true, T, 1 can also be used here.`  |
```
